**Python Challenge**

The Python Challenge repository consists of Python scripts for analyzing data from budget_data.csv and election_data.csv files, providing financial analysis and election results using Python scripts.

**Introduction**

The main.py script in the PyBank folder analyses the financial data from budget_data.csv file, while the main.py script in the PyPoll folder analyzes election data from the election_data.csv file. These scripts perform financial analysis and find election results respectively.

**Project Structure**

*Python-challenge:* This is the main repository containing two folders.

*PyBank:* Contains scripts and data for financial analysis.

*main.py:* Python script to analyse budget_data.csv which is stored in the Resources folder.

*Resources:* Contains the budget_data.csv file.

*Analysis:* Contains the output text file with results generated by running main.py.


*PyPoll:* Contains scripts and data for analyzing election results.

*main.py*: Python script to analyze election_data.csv which is stored in the Resources folder.

*Resources:* Contains the election_data.csv file.

*Analysis:* Contains the output text file with results generated by running main.py.


*README.md:* Provides an overview of the project.

*Module_3_Challenge_Results_Screenshots.docx:* Provides screenshots of the results obtained after running the Python scripts on the CSV files.

**Instructions**

To run the Python scripts, follow these steps:

1.Clone the GitHub repository to your local machine using the following command
  git clone https://github.com/SriPenumatcha/python-challenge.git
  
2.Navigate to the project directory:
  cd python-challenge\PyBank
  or 
  cd python-challenge\PyPoll
  
3.Run the Python script using the following command:
  python main.py
  
4.View the results in the terminal and also in the output file in text format, which is stored in the Analysis folder.
